metrics:
1. [Score Distribution] Where does 95% of the predicted risk scores generated by a model are likely to fall?
95% Instability Interval (Graph)
"The graph shows where predicted risk scores are likely to fall. If it's close to the predicted scores from the original, then it's likely stable. OTherwise, its likely creating unstable predictions."

2. [Score-level] How much does a defendant's predicted risk score shifts (numerically)?
Mean Absolute Prediction Error (MAPE)
"Defendant d's risk scores shift about X amount. If it's big, it shows instability. Otherwise, its stable." 

3. [Label-level] How often does a defendant's risk label flip across R runs in a model?
Classification Instability Index and Classification Instability Plot
"Defendant d's label is flipped 40% of the time across all R runs."

4. [Ranking-level] Does the model flag the same top K% of defendants as high risk?
Top-K Jaccard
"Model X has some variation in who it identifies as high risk. This indicates instability when it comes to classifying those in the positive class."

5. [Performance] How close are predicted risk scores to the actual scores?
Brier Score
"The predicted scores are generally close to the actual scores."

6. [Performance-Support] Do the predicted risk scores align with the original risk scores?
Calibration Plot
"The graph shows that model X is confident when it comes to predicting low risk individuals but less with high risk individuals"

7. [Performance] How well is the model able to distinguish between positive and negative classes? What does the curve look like across all thresholds for model X when plotted against TPR(y) with FPR(x)?
ROC-AUC

8. [Performance-level] How varied is the model's performance? 
SD of ROC-AUC

9. MRIP - Reliability metric


